elenbaskakova-DOCSUP-847 (#92)
BayoNet/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system_tables.md

If this query doesn't return anything, it means that everything is fine.

## system.settings {#system-tables-system-settings}

> Contains information about settings that are currently in use. 

Reviewer: 1. All the settings excepting server configuration parameters are always in use.
2. Settings introduction - http://130.193.44.42/elenbaskakova/clickhouse-fork/docs/build/docs/en/operations/settings/

Columns:

> - `name` (String) — Setting name.

Reviewer: Add links to data types.

- `value` (String) — Setting value.
- `changed` (UInt8) — Whether the setting was explicitly defined in the config or explicitly changed.
- `description` (String) — General information about the setting. 

> - `min` (String) — Minimum value of the setting. Also accepts `Null`. 

Reviewer: 1. It's a column not a varible. It doesn't accept, it contains.
2. It has the type `Nullable(String)` 

So you can use for example the fraze "If the setting has no minimum value, contains `NULL`". And NULL should be a link.

- `max` (String) — Maximum value of the setting. Also accepts `Null`.

> - `readonly` (UInt8) — Setting can't be changed by the user:

Reviewer: It can be 0 or 1. In the sources it has the boolean type. It only shows whether the current user can change the setting. The further words doesn't needed.

     - `0` — All queries are allowed.
     - `1` — Only read requests.
     - `2` — Only read requests, as well as changing settings, except for the `readonly` setting.

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**
```

If this query doesn't return anything, it means that everything is fine.

## system.settings {#system-tables-system-settings}

Contains information about server configuration parameters.  

Columns:

- `name` ([String](../data_types/string.md)) — Setting name.
- `value` ([String](../data_types/string.md)) — Setting value.

> - `changed` ([UInt8](../data_types/int_uint.md#uint-ranges)) — Whether the setting was explicitly defined in the config or explicitly changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `changed` ([UInt8](../data_types/int_uint.md#uint-ranges)) — Shows whether a setting is changed during the session.
```

- `description` ([String](../data_types/string.md)) — General information about the setting. 
- `min` ([Nullable](../data_types/nullable.md)([String](../data_types/string.md))) — Minimum value of the setting. If the setting has no minimum value, contains [NULL](../query_language/syntax.md#null-literal). 
- `max` ([Nullable](../data_types/nullable.md)([String](../data_types/string.md))) — Maximum value of the setting. If the setting has no maximum value, contains [NULL](../query_language/syntax.md#null-literal). 
- `readonly` ([UInt8](../data_types/int_uint.md#uint-ranges)) — Shows whether the current user can change the setting:
     - `0` — Current user can change the setting.

>      - `1` — Current user can not change the setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - `1` — Current user can't change the setting.
```

**Example**

```sql

> SELECT *

Reviewer: It looks like incomplete query.

```

```text
┌─name───────────────────┬─value───────┬─changed─┬─description──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┬─min──┬─max──┬─readonly─┐
│ use_uncompressed_cache │ 0           │       1 │ Whether to use the cache of uncompressed blocks.                                                                         │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │        0 │
│ load_balancing         │ random      │       1 │ Which replicas (among healthy replicas) to preferably send a query to (on the first attempt) for distributed processing. │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │        0 │
│ max_memory_usage       │ 10000000000 │       1 │ Maximum memory usage for processing of single query. Zero means unlimited.                                               │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │        0 │
└────────────────────────┴─────────────┴─────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┴──────┴──────┴──────────┘
```

**See also**

> 

Reviewer: Settings introduction - http://130.193.44.42/elenbaskakova/clickhouse-fork/docs/build/docs/en/operations/settings/

```

```text
┌─name───────────────────┬─value───────┬─changed─┬─description──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┬─min──┬─max──┬─readonly─┐
│ use_uncompressed_cache │ 0           │       1 │ Whether to use the cache of uncompressed blocks.                                                                         │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │        0 │
│ load_balancing         │ random      │       1 │ Which replicas (among healthy replicas) to preferably send a query to (on the first attempt) for distributed processing. │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │        0 │
│ max_memory_usage       │ 10000000000 │       1 │ Maximum memory usage for processing of single query. Zero means unlimited.                                               │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │ ᴺᵁᴸᴸ │        0 │
└────────────────────────┴─────────────┴─────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┴──────┴──────┴──────────┘
```

**See also**

> - [Settings](settings/index.md##settings) — Settings introduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Settings](settings/index.md##settings)
```

> - [Permissions for Queries](settings/permissions_for_queries.md#settings_readonly) — Read more about readonly requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Permissions for Queries](settings/permissions_for_queries.md#settings_readonly)
```

> - [Constraints on Settings](settings/settings_users.md) — Some of the settings with the SET query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Constraints on Settings](settings/settings_users.md)
```
